
As you enter the premise of the “Shining Star” you feel a tinge of anxiety deep down in your heart.
The place is a dimly lit lounge bar mostly in red and burgundy, with thick smoke being emitted from an unknown place.
There are no patrons sitting around, only another person is a beast of a man looking bartender who slowly
wipes a row of glasses with a white velvet rag.
He has some kind of bad energy around him.
He is a muscular, unnaturally tall bald man wearing a dark red suit and sunglasses(why the hell does he need sunglasses?).
He notices you, stops cleaning the glassware and says:

“Back again,huh, Johny? Haha, forget about it - sit down”.

He really emphasizes the last two words, pronouncing them kind of like a spell of some kind.
You sit down by the bar and suddenly there is a neatly made cocktail right in front of you.

“Consider this one as a gift of sorts, for what happened last night” he says it with a smile on his face
You take a sip, tastes good - but kind of odd at the same time.

“So you know what happened last night, right?” you say

“Oh yeah, I’m the one who hooked you up with Magpie to teach you a lesson” he says calmly

“What do you mean?” you say frustrated

“Relax buddy, Magpie is as dumb as you if not not more. 
But this is not a battle of the wits - you heard me right though, I wanted to teach you something and it seems
like you don’t take the lessons too well I’m afraid.” - his voice becomes more serious and his face straightens

“So you’re the one that caused my amnesia” you say

“Well, to be perfectly honest you’re the one who keeps hurting yourself on every occasion and has no sense of self-
preservation. I just allowed it to have long term consequences this time around” he says

“What the fuck do you mean!?” you shout frustrated at the man’s offence towards you

“You know very well what I mean, you self-sabotage your every step by drinking and treating the people you’re
familiar with like shit for selfish reasons you idiot!” he changes his tone to much more aggressive one

“Furthermore, it seems like you even ignored all of the red flags of the remains of your consciousness - pathetic.
I don’t even want to speak with you anymore. There is no salvation for you, only perpetual suffering in a loop of
trying to find yourself and failing miserably” he continues his rant.

After finishing the sentence he flicks his fingers and you suddenly feel very dizzy, falling off your chair
onto the floor like a lifeless puppet with its strings severed. The man grabs you and starts walking with you under
his arm in the direction of the entrance.

“You know - I really thought you had the balls to not come here the first or second time around, but with each
increasing loop it seems like you truly are a disappointment and beyond saving.
Forget about Hannah, there is no way you can even save yourself or her. Just accept the entropy and sleep my child,
to be born and fuck it all up again” he whispers to you.

Your eyelids become heavier with each step the bartender takes closer towards the doors.
You’re basically sleeping by the time he opens the doors and tosses your body like a bag of trash.

“Never come here again. Who am I kidding - of course you will come here sooner or later to
get the same thing again and again until the sun goes dark. I hope you rot” he mutters before closing the doors.

You start to fall asleep. Maybe next time. Maybe in another life. Maybe never. Maybe.
