You enter the clinical section of the building.
The interior is much more refined and clean compared to the run-down situation of the rest of the building. You look around to find a member of staff to help you with finding the therapist's office but the place seems empty.
Just as you were about to leave one of the doors open and you hear a male voice saying "Please, come on in - we will start the session soon".
You walk through the hallway into the office, stopping only to look at the bronze plaque on the doors with "Dr. Paul - Experimental Therapist" on it.
The room is quite cozy, there is some calming music playing in the background on a vintage-looking vinyl player as well as a comfortable looking couch and a baroque armchair in which a middle-aged man with bushy, silver beard sits.
"Please, have a seat on the couch - you've had a tough night haven't you?" says the man, you presume this is Dr. Paul, a therapist.
You obediently sit on the couch next to your therapist, making yourelf comfortable and relaxed.
"Now please, can you remember what were we talking about the last night?" he asks
"I assume it's something about my memory problems?" you answer with no idea what else to say
"Indeed, not the main topic for our session of course but if you want to take care of it I can help you" he calmly says
"That would be very much welcome" you honestly answer
"Good, let me just get the medications out of the way and we can get started" he sighs while walking to the medicine cabinet and retrieving a medium-sized pill with an Ouroboros shape stamped into the medicine. He hands you the pill together with glass of water
You instinctively take the medication and sip on some water. The pill is quite bitter to swallow but hopefully it will take care of your amnesia problem.
Despite the odd taste you start to slowly regain clarity of the mind as if the knowlege of the past dripped drop by drop into your vessel.
"Very well, now we shall start with the rest of  the procedure" he briefly says, "Now relax yourself entirely and tell me what did you do today - and has anything interested happened to you?"

Although the man seems to be quite odd you feel that the session is going to be okay. At least it's what the therapist has said the last time - if you remember that correctly...
